docs: allcontributors description as issue template + description in docu (#192)
T-Systems-MMS/phonebook: docs/pages/development-guides/general-guide.md

2. Make some changes and develop a cool new feature or fix a Bug.
3. In order to commit run `npm run commit` to run the interactive Commit utility.
> We are using the angular [angular commit format reference](https://gist.github.com/brianclements/841ea7bffdb01346392c). All commits should adhere to this format in order to trigger automatic releases.
![npm run commit image]({{site.baseurl}}pages/development-guides/media/images/git-cz.png)
4. Create a Pull Request from your Branch.
5. Wait for approval from one of the maintainers.
6. **Extra:** If you're not listed for the type of contribution you can add yourself as a contributor with the [@all-contributors-Bot](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/overview) by writing `@all-contributors please add @username for` [contribution](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key) in your PR as a comment.

> If you need a tutorial about important git commands look [here](https://dev.to/dhruv/essential-git-commands-every-developer-should-know-2fl).

---

> We have splitted the development documentation in two different parts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We split the development documentation in two different parts.
```
